Bugs:
00 mass makes blocks disappear
force applying seems wrong... 1N shoots object
not turning off listeners when selecting object to apply force
Value table is really messed up... look at comments

Look into:
t for applyForce? how do you even do some kinematic calculations w/o t?
Constant forces for time t using matter-attractors? or...?
AP Phys doesn't deal w rotating boxes... option to enable/disable?

Add now:
marker on circle so can count rotations
(or have counters on the side after Play; ex total dist, total displacement, total rotations)
Create object path (visualize projectile motion; path on after play)
On play, just show action (dynamically display values, but dont allow user to change values)
Clear button


Add:
MongoDB, Nodejs, passport for sharing features

Creator:
matterWrap option
Automatically scale objects based on mass (checkbox to disable)
Auto-change object color based on density
Simplify collision filtering for users (ex turn off/on objects, edit opacity to see diff I cylinders slide down ramp)
Sensors to add/remove constant forces (friction, general const force) in user-selectable area (ex problems where friction applied on object for x distance)
Save all properties of objects, including forces to apply on Play (json)
User upload backgrounds (might be difficult cuz of current setup...)
Disable UI options for user to play w (ex dont allow viewing FBD)

Etc:
toggle xy axis for measurements instead of a ruler... Button for user to draw on axis (to save points; change cursor from pointer)
Springs functionality
Formula-sheet
Scale objects automatically based on user-set-mass; change object color/darkness based on density, etc
FBD (dropdown:off,onHover, On; display N of force, ex Fg = mg): Gravity down, Fn perp to surface, frict parallel, tension pointing at sprint
object velocity indicator (ex tangent velocity vector)
Max user input limits to avoid crashes
Dynamic graph drawing of user-selected x,y values (ex v over t, torque & rotations)
Concave pit and other terrains using SVGs, etc
Generalize body classes, make parameters able to create diff momOfIntert objects, sizes, etc
Add 2 masses w light cord on frictionless pulley
Draw force onto object, apply on play
Display N of force when drawing arrow for force
Draw where on object to apply force (point, direction, magnitude)
Contact form or link to GitHub issues for feature requests, bugs, etc
Sharing Physics Simulator setups (passport auth) (teachers can use) (save user objects via json w values)
Examples tab (like p5editor one): pi approximation, pendulum, etc complex setups to show capabilities
"?" icons to explain physics concepts (ex ? on FBD forces, UI values like g, I, v, w, etc)
Ability to hide "?" tooltips
Magnetism stuff
Positive/negative particle stuff
Let user give objects magnetic/electric properties (ex let user set object as 1e, otehr object as -1e; attract accordingly)
Add electric fields ui as overlay like x,y axis is

UI:
Improved dashboard UI - add to canvas or surround canvas w UI (prob way easier... just need responsive canvas)
stronger line width for ground w/ more friction 

OnPlay: timeline w pts indicating collisions(ex for user to skip to and record data); auto-resize line based on collisions that occur during time t


Extra:
Some type of interactive tutorial
Interaction problems:
What force is necessary to get object from pt A to pt B (person does math on paper, then puts in force # into program)? Visual dotted object at point b to show destination kinda thing (and can use the detector or whatever in p5 or matterjs to indicate success)

What torque is necessary to get circle object from pt a to pt b? (so person would need to know where to put the force vector on the screen — perpendicular and some magnitude).

What coefficient of friction necessary to stop object exactly 5 m away from bottom of ramp?


Notes:
collision = perfectly inelastic when restitution = 0 I think